Update proxyResponse method (#6005)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Run lifecycle hooks for specific codebases. (#6011)

> - Fixes issue that caused firebase emulators:start to crash in Next.js apps (#6005)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue causing `firebase emulators:start` to crash in Next.js apps (#6005)
```
